Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Boy. am I glad school is out.
I could really use the vacation.
I was wondering
why you showed up late today.
Honestly. I'm a little
surprised you showed up at all.
- Well. a promise is a promise.
I just didn't promise
to be here early.
Well.
you did miss my mom's
famous chocolate chip
muffins. but I saved you two.
- Dude. you're awesome.
- I know.
So. while you're working
on those muffins.
I think that we should
maybe talk about our plans.
- Yup.
- Well. I was thinking
maybe we could use
that shed in the woods
around the corner?
- Sounds great to me.
- So. when do you wanna start?
- How about tomorrow afternoon?
I've got a dentist
appointment in the morning.
- Works for me.
- Hi. guys!
- Katie!
What are you doing here?
- Uh. I live here. Cam.
Say. what you working on?
- Um. a project.
- Can I help. please? Can I?
- No. You're too small.
- Cam?
- Sorry. Katie. Not this time.
Hey. Bryson. do you wanna
take a ride around the lake?
- Cam.
- Katie. we'll see
you later. okay?
- Kids. time to eat.
Where's Cameron?
- He might be in the garage.
- Can you go get him. please?
- Sure. Mom.
- Anna. Drew? Put your
things away. please.
- But Mom. I'm right in the
middle of texting Alison.
- We're gonna have a nice
family dinner tonight.
without electronics.
Alison can wait.
- You just can't seem
to stop reading now.
can you. Einstein?
Noodles?
Again. Mom?
- Cam. I'm doing the best that
I can right now. Let's pray.
- Can I pray. Mom?
- Sure. go ahead.
- Dear Jesus. thank you for this
delicious supper.
Please bless it to our bodies
and help us not to complain.
In Jesus' name. amen.
- Amen.
- How'd your project
go today. Cam?
- Project? What project?
- Probably making rocket fuel
out of beanstalks or something.
- Actually. there's a present
study underway in Norway
where scientists are
experimenting with ideology
to use plant matter to-
- That's nice. Einstein.
That's not what we're doing.
Look. me and Bryson.
we're just having fun with this
project and it's not illegal
and let's just leave it at that.
- Cameron. I know you're
16. but you have no right
to speak to me or
your brother that way.
Chelsea speaking.
Oh. hi. Susanna.
No. you're not interrupting.
I was just packing my lunch.
What's going on?
Really?
Oh. I don't know if I...
Tell you what. I'll
think about it.
and then I'll give
you a call back.
Sure. Thanks for
letting me know.
Bye.
- Who was that. Mom?
- Mrs. Anderson.
the pastor's wife.
- Oh.
- Can you go get the
others and have 'em
meet me in the living room?
- Yep.
- What're you reading
now. Einstein?
- Ballastography.
- What?
- Exploring the
liquid sheets of the-
- You know what? I
don't wanna know.
- Thanks for coming. guys.
Mrs. Anderson called
a few minutes ago.
There's something we
need to talk about.
- I'm sorry. Mom. that I
spilled by water all over Emma.
I tripped. honest!
- Katelyn. what're
you talking about?
- You mean Mrs. Anderson wasn't
calling to tell about me?
- No. dear.
She was calling to tell
me about a lady's retreat
that's happening in
Sandpoint this weekend.
and she wanted to know if
I was interested in going.
- Are you?
- Yes. but I'm not sure about
leaving the four of you alone.
- Oh. come on.
Mom. We'll be fine.
How many days is it?
- I'd leave Thursday night
and come back Saturday night.
- Two days and two
nights. We'll be fine.
- Yeah. Mom. you gotta
go. You need a break.
- I amicably second that motion.
- Katelyn?
- Can I still go to
Vacation Bible School?
- If Cam will take you.
- Sure thing. short stuff.
- I say go!
- Bye!
- Bye.
- Have a good weekend. guys.
Don't burn the house down.
- Cam. Cam!
We gotta go to
Vacation Bible School!
- Katie. go get ready!
Anna. Drew? We're
leaving in 15 minutes!
Whoa. whoa.
Who...
You know what? No. just
come on. get in the car.
Okay. yep!
All right. we're here.
- Cam. this isn't
the right church!
- What?
- I said-
- No. I know what you said.
But what do you mean this
isn't the right church?
- It's at Grace Bible Church.
Up the corner
and two boulevards down.
- I'll be ambulating over
at Nathan's house after.
- Hey. Einstein. whatever
that meant in English.
you need to be home by dinner.
- Naturally.
- Katie. I'll be back
to pick you up at one.
It ends at noon.
- Then I'll pick you up at noon.
Okay. where am I taking you?
- To the mall.
- All right. and next
time we leave the house.
can you please just make
sure that Katie's matching?
- Definitely.
- All right. well. let's put
a little carbon in there.
Yeah. there you go.
Keep it going.
I think we can take a
break for lunch now.
I gotta go pick up Katie.
- Man. it's a quarter
to one. I'm starved.
- What?
I was supposed to be
there at noon. I'm late!
- You go get her. I'll clean up.
- All right. Thanks. man.
Oh. Bryson! My keys.
Here.
- Thanks. man.
- Yeah.
- Katie. I'm so sorry. I
got the times mixed up.
- It's okay. I had
lunch with Miss Nicole.
- How can I make it up to you?
- Will you take me for ice cream
and then play Monopoly with me?
- Yeah. sure. Come on. let's go.
No.
- Yes!
I have...
Seven hotels on Boardwalk.
- You little squirt.
- Pay it. big brother.
- Katelyn...
I have $11.
You pretty much own
everything that I have.
Can I just go to jail now?
Hello?
Oh. hey. Drew.
Dude. I'm playing
with Katie right now.
Can't they just give you a ride?
I'll be there in
maybe like 10 minutes.
All right. I'll see you then.
- I have 25 million!
I told
you you'd cream me.
I gotta go pick up Drew. okay?
Hey. Anna. will you
just watch Katie?
I just gotta go pick up Drew.
And maybe think about
something for dinner.
- I don't get a choice?
- Nope. I'll be back soon.
Try and stay
out of trouble. okay?
I gotta go call Alison.
- What about dinner?
- Later!
- Dude. I hope Anna has
dinner ready. I'm starving.
- Sorry. Cam. I burnt dinner.
- I told Anna to make
dinner. not you! Anna!
- I had an important phone call!
I did not know she
was gonna do it.
- Important phone call?
All you ever do is gab on
the phone with your friends!
It's not that important!
- And what do you and
Bryson do? Make worthless...
- Taylor residence.
Katelyn speaking.
Hi. Mom. Mm-hm.
I'll tell them.
Mom's gonna be home at 6:30!
- Tonight?
- Mm-hm.
- Oh. boy.
Okay.
This place has gotta
get cleaned up.
and I'm not doing
it by myself. okay?
Look. we have to put
our differences aside
and we have to get this place
cleaned up or we're all dead.
Who's with me?
- Fine.
- I've gotta run to
the Western Grill.
I'll be back soon. Keep it up!
- Okay.
- Mom's coming up the road!
- Hi. kids.
Hi. Mom.
- Wow. The house looks amazing.
And Western Grill for dinner?
Thank you.
No problem. Mom.
- Did everything go smoothly?
- We managed.
Why don't you tell
us about the retreat?
It was so relaxing
and it was so wonderful
to spend time connecting
with other ladies of faith.
What about you guys?
Did you do anything fun?
- Cam. this is great.
At this rate. we'll have
these fireworks done
long before the 4th.
- I know. right? It's
gonna be fantastic.
- Oh. yeah.
- Hey. Bryson?
- Yeah?
- Where's the fire extinguisher?
- I forgot it.
Don't you have one?
- Yeah. actually. I probably
should. Probably in the garage.
I can go check.
- Okay.
- I'll be back.
What you doing. Cam?
- Katie. what're
you doing in here?
- You're making an awful racket.
I'm
just looking for something.
- Can I help?
- No. just go back inside.
I have to go meet Bryson.
- Can I come?
- No. you'd just be in the way.
- Would not.
- Would too.
Now. go back inside and
play dolls or something.
Why don't you just
go back inside
and see if Anna or Drew
will play with you?
- Anna's at Alison's and
Drew's studying prontons again.
- Protons. Katie.
- Whatever.
- Look. if you go
back inside right now.
I'll play Monopoly
with you later.
- You mean it?
- You bet. kiddo.
- What was that Cam said?
I think this was it.
- Bryson!
Bryson?
- Cameron. help me.
Cam. please.
- I can't.
- Please!
Cam!
- I can't!
- I'm sorry. son.
Ma'am.
- I'm so sorry. Bryson.
I'm so sorry that I failed you.
- Are you okay. honey?
You know I'm always here
for you if you wanna talk.
- Talking won't
change anything. Mom!
Anything.
- I wish you were still here.
You always knew
how to handle him.
Father...
I need your help with Cameron.
Help me!
I can't!
Cam!
I can't. I can't!
- Is something wrong?
- What makes you say that?
- You're drinking milk.
- And?
- You never drink milk.
- I'm fine.
- I don't think so.
- Katie!
I said I'm fine. okay?
Just leave me alone.
- I'm sorry. Cam.
- It's really sweet of
you to offer. Julie.
I'm just not sure
he's ready yet.
Sure. I'll call you
when I know more.
I love you too. sis.
Bye.
Hey. you got a sec?
- I suppose.
- Aunt Julie just
called and invited you
to spend the remainder
of the summer with them.
I told her I wasn't
sure if you were up
for visiting just yet.
but I'd let her know.
- Okay.
- Is that an "okay. I'll go".
or an "okay. I'll let you know"?
- I'll let you know.
- Okay.
Cam. a change of scenery
might do you some good.
- Maybe.
- Well. goodnight.
I love you.
- Goodnight.
We could use that shed.
- Sounds great to me.
- Where's the fire extinguisher?
- Please.
- I can't!
I've gotta get out of here.
Got a sec?
I think that I'll go.
To Aunt Julie's. I mean.
- Okay. I'll call and tell her.
- Thanks.
Oh. and Mom?
The sooner. the better.
- I'll tell her that. too.
You won't
forget me. will you. Cam?
- Don't be silly. It's
only for the summer.
- I'm being serious.
- I won't forget you.
- Will you write?
- Write?
- Call?
- Yeah. I'll call.
Bye. guys.
- Bye.
I'll miss you.
- Okay. we'll see you all later.
Bye.
- Cameron. I'm so sorry
that Justin and Jayden
aren't here to welcome you.
They're at camp until Sunday.
but they'll be home
again on Monday.
- No. that's all
right. Aunt Julie.
I don't really mind
the peace and quiet.
Um. I saw the population
sign back there.
and I was just wondering
if that's a joke.
No.
In fact. it needs to
be updated. right?
Because the Moores
left last year
and they had eight kids?
But the Carters came last
month and they have four kids.
Oh. oh. and you're here now!
So it really should be 961!
Right?
Yeah. don't worry.
You'll get used to it.
- Well. at least it looks nice.
- Good morning. Cameron.
Morning.
- Did you sleep well?
- Yeah.
- It must be that good
clean country air. huh?
Hey. how about we do a
little sightseeing today?
- Sure.
- Good!
Julie?
- You two go on ahead.
- All right!
So. nine AM. I'll
begin introducing you
to the 960 people
of West Prairie.
- Can't wait.
- All right.
- Where are we?
- West Prairie Investors.
This is where I work.
- West Prairie's big enough
for an investment company?
- Oh. you'd be
surprised. Come on.
- All right. I'll
let Mr. Dorrity know
and he'll be in touch with you.
My pleasure. have a
great day. Goodbye.
Good morning. Mr. Gallagher.
What brings you in today?
- Well. I'm showing
my nephew around
this small town of ours.
Oh. in fact!
Cameron. this is Elise Thompson.
She is the best secretary
of West Prairie Investors.
And Elise. this is
Cameron Taylor. my nephew.
He's gonna be spending
the summer with us.
- I'm also the only
secretary.
It's good to meet you.
- Nice to meet you. too.
How long have you worked here?
- Oh. almost three years.
- Oh. and thankfully
she's not done yet.
because her fiance had the
good sense to stay put.
here in West Prairie.
I don't know what we
would do without her.
- You know. I could be
replaced. Mr. Gallagher.
but for now. I'm staying.
- When are you getting married?
- September.
- Congratulations.
- Elise. this money link form
is missing the
signature of Mrs...
Hello. Phil. Who's your friend?
- Alan. this is my
nephew. Cameron Taylor.
Cameron. this is my business
partner. Alan Dorrity.
- It's a pleasure to
meet you. Cameron.
- Likewise. sir.
- Well. we've still got a town
to see. so we best get goin'.
- You're welcome to pop
in anytime. Cameron.
- Thank you.
- The next stop awaits!
I'll see you both Monday!
- Goodbye. Mr. Gallagher!
Nice to meet you. Cameron.
- Bye.
Why today?
- Cameron. are you awake?
- Mm-mm.
- Are you planning to
attend the parade with us?
- Mm-mm.
- All right.
We're just about ready to leave
and I'll put your
breakfast in the fridge.
- Thanks.
- See you in a bit.
- Mm-hm.
- Hey. you gonna be joining
us for fireworks tonight?
- No. sir.
- Okay.
Well. we're gonna be back late.
so why don't you make
yourself at home?
- Thanks.
So. Uncle Phil took
me to his office
and introduced me to
two of his coworkers.
And then he took me on
a tour through town.
- What did you see?
- Well. there's a gas
station. two grocery stores.
a restaurant. a library and
Uncle Phil's investment firm.
- That's it?
- Uh. well. there's
two churches.
Oh. and get this.
The entering West Prairie sign
and exiting West Prairie sign
are one and the same.
No. I'm not being serious about
that part. but it is small.
Uncle Phil has some horses. too.
No. I cannot bring
that home in my suitcase.
Yeah. I can send
you some pictures.
Oh. hold on.
A car just pulled up. I think
Justin and Jayden are back.
All right. I gotta go.
All right. I love you too.
Bye.
Hi. guys.
- Hey. Long time no see.
- Yeah. it's been like what.
two years or
somethin' like that?
- Too long. whenever it
was. When'd you get here?
- Thursday night.
- Did Dad take you
sightseeing yet?
- Uh. yes. Quite the
small town you got here.
- Spoken like a true
city boy. huh. Jayden?
Well. anyway. we're
glad you're here though.
Well. let's get this
baggage outta here.
Well. see you later.
- All right.
- See you later.
- See ya.
- Cameron. Uncle Phil
forgot his lunch.
Would you run it to him for me?
- Yeah. sure.
- Thank you. dear.
- No problem.
Yeah.
Cameron. good morning!
Um. how are you?
- I'm good. how are you?
- Just fine. thanks.
Cameron. this is my
fiance. Micah Stanton.
Micah. this is Mr. Gallagher's
nephew. Cameron Taylor.
- I've been hearing quite
a bit about you. Cameron.
It's good to finally meet you.
- Nice to meet you. too.
I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
- Oh. no.
Micah was just bringing by
some coffee for my break.
Can I help you with anything?
- Uh. Aunt Julie told me to
drop this off for Uncle Phil.
It's just his lunch.
- I can take it for ya.
- All right. well. I should
probably get going. so...
- Hey. uh. Cameron?
We were hoping. um. if you
think you'd be interested.
we'd really love to have you
join us for church sometime.
- Oh! Um...
No. I'm good. but thank you.
But. but no. so...
- Take care. Cameron.
I wonder what's up with him.
- Morning.
- Good morning.
- Hey. You must be Mr.
Gallagher's nephew.
- Cameron Taylor.
- Jonah Thompson.
Elise's younger brother.
Are you a photographer?
- It's honestly just a hobby.
Do you live around here?
- Yeah. over on Maple Street
on the other side of town.
But I like to walk in the
mornings. Do you wanna join me?
- Yeah. I'd like that. Yeah.
- Sweet.
Awesome.
So where are you from?
- Well. this is my stop.
- Thanks for
joining me. Cameron.
- Thanks for having
me along. it was nice.
- You know. I was thinking.
How'd you like to go for coffee?
- Coffee?
- Don't tell me you
aren't a coffee drinker.
- No. I mean...
I mean. yes. I. I'm
a coffee drinker.
- Great. what do you say?
- Sure.
- Tomorrow?
- Works for me.
- Perfect.
I'll see you tomorrow.
See ya.
- Here's your coffee.
- Thanks. David.
- Yeah. sure.
- Thanks.
- You know. I was thinking.
you should join Elise and I
tomorrow for a
picnic at the lake.
Uncle Alan's coming. too.
- Oh. um...
I don't wanna
impose or anything.
I'm not the most social
person in the world.
- Don't worry.
You're not imposing.
Besides. if you
don't wanna talk.
you can just sit
there. eat cookies.
listen to us talk. if you want.
In all seriousness. we'd
really like to have you.
- You know what. how about I
give you a call in the morning
and I can let you know?
- Perfect.
Cameron?
There's something I've
been meaning to ask you.
- What's that?
- What exactly brought
you to West Prairie?
- I have family here. don't I?
- Well. sure. but-
- Then that's why I'm here.
Thanks for the invite. Jonah.
but I should get going.
- My pleasure.
Thanks for coming.
- I'm so sorry.
- No. it was my fault.
Are you okay?
- Yeah. just fine. thank you.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
- Have a nice day.
- You too.
- Morning. Cameron.
I noticed your meeting with
Mikayla was a smashing success.
- Yeah. who is she anyways?
Is she a friend of
yours or something?
- She's one of the
girls I mentor.
I asked her to come
by on my break.
How was coffee with Jonah?
- Is there anything
I can help you with?
- I don't know.
What time does Uncle
Phil get off of work?
- 4:30.
- Okay. thanks.
- Cameron?
Are you okay?
- No.
I gotta go.
- Hey. you want a ride?
- Yeah. sure.
So. what brings
you out this time of day?
- Well. I had coffee with Jonah.
and then I went around
town and saw some sights.
- Find anything spectacular?
- Not really.
- Tomorrow. Jonah.
Elise. Micah and I
are gonna go for a
picnic on the lake.
You're welcome to join us.
- Thanks.
Jonah already invited me
but I'm supposed to call him
tomorrow. let him know
if I'm coming or not.
- Well. we'd love to have you.
- Thanks for the ride.
- You're welcome. any time.
Hey. Cameron.
If you ever need anything.
come see me. okay?
- You mean at the office?
- Yes. or at my house.
It's the last one
on Cessford Drive.
My door is always open to you.
- Okay. thanks.
- Always.
- Hey. Cameron. Where you been?
- Well. I was out looking around
and then Mr. Dorrity
offered me a ride back home.
Yeah.
that sounds like Alan.
He's the best partner
I could've asked for.
Good man. He knows his stuff.
- He seems nice enough.
- Nice? He's more than nice.
A more honest man.
I've never met.
You can trust him with anything.
- I don't know.
He's kinda crazy though.
Dad. Don't you think?
- Crazy?
- Well. he's not exactly crazy.
but he is one of those
religious fanatics.
- You mean a Christian?
- Whatever you wanna call 'em.
Always lookin' on the bright
side and talking about
an invisible God
and that Jesus guy.
- And you ended up with
two of them as coworkers.
I don't
know how that happened.
But I tell ya. Alan and Elise
are two of the best people
I've ever worked with.
I just take everything with
a grain of salt. you know?
I appreciate their hard work.
but I tell 'em to leave
their religion alone with me.
No. I wouldn't pay
their religious talk
too much mind. Cameron.
It's not worth the hassle.
- And Jesus. we're just so
grateful this time together.
Thank you for this food
we're about to enjoy.
and thank you that
Cameron could join us.
- Hey. Micah. you should
tell Cameron that joke.
- Okay.
I admit I was wrong about
how good my chiropractor is.
I stand corrected.
- Here. let me get a photo.
- Oh. yeah. great.
- As my adopted niece
from China says...
Which means "eggplant".
- Thank you for
everything. Mr. Dorrity.
- It was our pleasure.
- Mr. Dorrity? Why
do the Thompson kids
call you Uncle Alan?
Are you related somehow?
- No. we're not.
Most of the young people around
West Prairie call me that.
I never had any
children of my own. so.
I adopt nieces and nephews.
- Okay. Well. I was
just wondering. so
I'll see you later.
- Take care.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
How'd you sleep?
- Good. You?
- Good.
- So. my girlfriend Skyler is
having a party tomorrow night.
You wanna come?
- What kind of party?
- Just. just a party.
- I don't know.
- Come on. Where's your
sense of adventure?
- Who said I had one?
- Probably forgot to pack it
in your suitcase.
So what do you say?
Tomorrow night. seven o'clock?
Let's go.
- Just what do you plan
on doing at this party?
- Just what you do at any party.
Just talk to some people. eat.
- And drink?
- It wouldn't be
a party otherwise.
- Thanks. but no thanks.
- Okay.
Whatever.
You know. Cam.
You're a real well-behaved kid.
but you're kind
of a momma's boy.
It's about time you manned up.
See ya.
- All righty. I'll forward
your message to Mr. Gallagher
and he'll be in
contact with you.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day.
Can I help you with
somethin'. Mr. Taylor?
- I was just seeing
if Mr. Dorrity was in?
- Yeah. he's here.
He's in a meeting right
now. but he should be out in
the next couple of minutes.
Excuse me for a moment.
Thanks for calling
West Prairie Investors.
This is Elise speaking.
Oh. hello. Mr. Bridges.
Yes. of course.
No. it's no problem
at all. Goodbye.
- I'll get in touch
with both of you
once I've had a chance to
analyze your financial profile.
- When can we expect
to hear from you?
- By Monday.
I'll have Elise set up a
meeting and we can discuss
your financial objectives
and goals in greater detail.
- Thank you so much. Al.
- Mm-hm.
- Yes. thank you.
- My pleasure.
Now. you have yourselves
a wonderful rest
of this beautiful day.
Days like this make
me wish I could get off early.
Cameron! I'm so sorry. I
didn't even see you there.
How are you. son?
- I'm doing all right.
I. um...
I was just wondering if
you've got some time to talk.
- What time's the
next one. Elise?
You're done
for the day. Uncle.
- Really now!
Well then. Cameron. I've got
all the time in the world.
Come on back to the
office. We can talk there.
Okay.
- All right. see you
soon. Bye. Micah.
Uncle. I set an appointment
for you with Mr. White
tomorrow at 3:30 for
a 15 minute slot.
- Perfect.
- All right.
Thank you. Elise.
- Have a good
evening. gentlemen.
- Hey. Elise?
Hey. Elise?
Wait.
- What?
- You dropped this.
Oh.
- Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm okay.
Um...
Thank you so much.
This letter is. uh.
very valuable to me.
- Yeah.
- I'll see you later. Cameron.
- Mr. Dorrity?
- Back here!
Did you get whatever
it was back to Elise?
- Yeah. but it was really weird.
- How so?
- It was postmarked by a Kyle
Thompson in the US military?
Who is he?
- Her father.
- Elise's dad is
in the military?
- He was.
- Wait. what do you mean he was?
- I think you should
ask Elise about that.
- Hey. Where is everyone?
- Dad's at work. Mom
ran to the store.
and Justin's with Skyler.
- Should've guessed.
- Hm?
- Nothing.
- So. it's just me
and you for lunch.
Hope you like peanut
butter and jelly.
- Yeah. sure. Thanks.
- So. got any plans
for this afternoon?
- I was just thinking
about heading into town
to take some pictures.
- Oh.
- Why?
- I was just wondering
if you wanted to come out
to the woods with me.
- Oh. um...
I don't think so.
- Why not? Are you chicken?
- No.
- Then why not?
- I just. I don't
feel like it. okay?
- But I can't go without
adult supervision.
- Why not? It's just the woods.
- Mom and Dad's rules.
- Look. I don't mean to
spoil your fun and all.
but I just can't.
Thanks for the sandwich. cuz.
- Yeah. sure.
You know what. Cam?
I don't know if
it has to do with
you losing your best
friend earlier this summer.
but you're not as fun
as you used to be.
- I'll see you later.
- Cameron. Mr. Dorrity's
in a meeting right now.
but he should be done soon.
Actually. I didn't
come here to see him today.
I came to see you.
- Me?
- Well. I mean. I...
I wanted to ask you something.
if you have a moment.
- Yeah. I do.
- Well. you see. it's...
It's about the envelope
that you dropped on Friday.
I couldn't help but to see
the military postmark on it.
And the sender's name.
I asked Mr. Dorrity.
and he said that it
was from your father.
- That's right.
- He said that your
father was military.
- Yeah.
- Well...
He said "was".
Not "is".
And I was just
wondering. why is that?
I mean. I asked Mr. Dorrity.
but he told me that
I should ask you.
- He said "was". Cameron.
because my father
died in Afghanistan
in combat 10 years ago.
That letter was the last one
I received from him as a kid.
It was written the
night before he died.
- I'm so sorry.
Thanks.
I still think about him.
I can remember his
laugh and his smile.
And his voice. when he
would read the Bible to me.
And the last time
he hugged me.
- Does it ever make you mad?
- No.
Not anymore.
It used to. though.
I didn't think it was fair
of God to take him from me.
And it took me years
to learn to be grateful
for the time that
I had with him.
instead of agonizing
over the years I didn't.
- So you don't hate
God for taking him?
- Not at all.
My dad died because he jumped
in front of his friend.
to save his friend's life.
He's a hero.
Mr. Dorrity?
Yeah?
- How can you believe in God?
- Well. what do you mean. son?
- How can you believe
in a loving God?
- You don't believe
in him. then?
- No. sir.
I can't.
- I think the best way
to answer your question
is by asking you one.
Why don't you believe?
- You really wanna know?
- I do.
- Last month. my best
friend. Bryson. died.
Because the fireworks
that we were working on
accidentally went off.
Can you tell me
how that is loving?
- I'm afraid I can't.
I don't know why God would
take your best friend.
but I do know this.
God works all things out to
the good for those who love him
and those who are called
according to his purposes.
But we're not guaranteed
to know the good
this side of eternity.
- It was all my fault.
- What do you mean? I thought
you said it was an accident?
- It was. but I
could've saved Bryson.
I dropped the fire
extinguisher outside.
- So you are saying-
- Bryson died because I didn't
act when I had the one thing
that could save his
life in my hands.
I turned and ran
like the coward I am.
My dad would be ashamed of me.
- Why do you say that?
- My father was a firefighter.
He rushed into burning buildings
to save people's lives.
And what did his son do?
He turned and ran.
How's that for a story?
- It doesn't have to end there.
- What do you mean?
The story's done. finished!
Bryson's gone. and
it's all my fault.
- Bryson's story on this earth
is over. but yours is not.
Life is not defined
by one mistake.
- Nothing can fix
the mess I've made.
- You're right.
Nothing can.
Only someone.
- You mean...
Jesus.
- If you repent and
put your trust in him.
your life will be
totally changed.
Cameron. would you be open
to meeting with me weekly?
Going through scripture? I
could answers your questions.
- I'd like that.
For me?
- You'll put it to good use.
Cameron Taylor.
what is going on?
- I saw your light on.
- Come in.
I just made a pot of tea.
You want a cup?
- Yes. please.
- Grab a seat on the couch.
You want any cream or sugar?
- Uh. one sugar. please.
Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Now. tell me what you were
doing on my front porch
at half-past midnight.
- I had a question.
Oh. when I
said we could get together
and I'd answer your questions.
midnight wasn't exactly
what I had in mind.
- I know. I know. but I'm
sorry. this just couldn't wait.
- I'll let it pass this
time. What's your question?
- It's about one of
the verses. It said...
"For God so loved the world
that he gave his
only begotten son
so that who has ever believed
in him would not perish
but have everlasting life."
And you see. I mean. I know all
about Jesus dying and stuff.
but I don't see how
that shows his love.
or how that could
apply to me because
I sure haven't seen
his love in my life.
- I wouldn't be too sure
about that. Let me show you.
Right at the start in Genesis 1.
we see God creating everything.
Thanks
for explaining.
- You're welcome. Any time.
But if you. uh.
are gonna come at midnight
again. just get permission.
- Yeah. sorry.
No worries.
Oh.
Hello?
Hi. Julie.
Yes. he's here.
Oh. no. he's fine.
I'll have him home
again in 10 minutes.
Okay.
Goodnight.
Well. your aunt Julie
noticed you were gone.
- Did she sound mad?
- Not mad. more scared.
Come on. son.
You got one?
- I got it.
- Oh.
- Are you having a nice day?
- It's going all right.
Me and Uncle Phil...
- "But God commandeth
his love toward us.
in that. while we were yet
sinners. Christ died for us.
Much more then. being now
justified by his blood.
we shall be saved from
wrath through him."
For me?
No.
It couldn't be.
Could it?
- Hey. Cameron!
- Is Uncle Alan in?
- Uh. no. He took the
day off to go fishing.
- All right. I gotta go.
Uncle Alan!
- Is something wrong?
- Kinda.
It's about the verses
you had me read today.
- What part of that passage
was troubling to you?
- Romans. Chapter
5. Verse 8 and 9.
That's how far I got to read.
I've done so many bad
things in my life.
and I just don't see how he
could have done it for me.
- Seeing yourself as a
sinner in need of a savior
is actually just the first step.
- But still. I don't see
how he could've done it.
- Let me put it to you this way.
If you were trapped inside
of a burning building.
do you think that your father
would've rushed in to save you?
- Yes. of course.
- How do you know?
- Because he's my dad.
He loved me.
- That's how the
Lord is. Cameron.
God wants that
none should perish.
but that everyone come to
repentance and faith in him.
God's way of escape was
to sacrifice his own son.
and do you know what?
He would've died for you alone.
if you were the only
sinner in the whole world.
- You mean...
After everything I've done...
How much I've hated him...
He loves me that much?
- More than you can imagine.
- All right!
Good job.
All right. Wanna
hand the tire over?
I love you. son.
- I love you too. Dad.
"For whosoever shall call
upon the name of the Lord
shall be saved."
Even me.
- I've been procrastinating.
It's fine. we'll get there.
Cameron. you only have one
speed and it's running.
- Well. I can't help it
when I have good news.
- Good news?
- I repented and believed
in Jesus yesterday.
Cameron.
That's... That's incredible.
Wow. Praise the Lord.
- I just couldn't wait to
tell Uncle Alan. Is he in?
- Yeah. he's here.
He's in the back.
You go ahead.
- Okay. thanks.
- Come in.
Cameron!
What brings you here so early?
- I had something to tell you.
I got saved last night.
- You did?
- Yeah.
- Oh. thank you. Lord!
- It feels like a burden
has been lifted off me
that I've been trying to
get rid of for so long.
- That's all part of the
beauty of salvation. son.
When God works in
the heart of a man.
the extraordinary happens.
Have you told your mom yet?
- Not yet. I was gonna tell
her this morning. though.
- I know she will be thrilled.
- Me too.
So. I should probably
better get going.
- Oh. Cameron.
How are you feeling now
about Bryson and your dad?
- A lot better.
I have a sense of peace
to it. even though
I still don't understand it.
I should probably get going.
I told Aunt Julie I
wouldn't be too long.
so I'll see you
later. Uncle Alan.
- Take care.
- Where's Aunt Julie?
- She went to the grocery store.
She always goes
early on Thursdays.
- Oh.
- Say. Cam. uh. why don't
you spend the day with us?
- Doing what?
- We have this really
cool fort in the woods.
I think you'd like it.
- I don't know.
- Come on. don't be a chicken.
Buck-buck-buck. buck-buck!
- Cam. summer's
already almost over
and you've barely
spent any time with us.
- I suppose I could.
- That's the spirit.
- Come on. let's go.
- Let's go.
Ah. what's the matter with you?
- Nothing.
What are you guys doing?
- Fireworks!
- What?
- Hello?
Hey. Dad.
Just walking in the woods.
Sure. I'll be right over.
Sorry. guys. I gotta run.
Dad needs a file
he forgot at home.
Stay with Jayden.
won't you. Cam?
She's not allowed
out here alone.
See ya.
- Wanna see our fireworks?
- Uh... No. that's. that's okay.
No. I'm good.
- What's your problem. Cam?
- I just... They're
not all that safe.
- We'll be fine!
It's not like their gonna
explode just like that.
- But I mean...
- We start them
after 4th of July.
He says fireworks are
only for the holidays.
- I'm sorry. Jayden. I
just can't right now.
- Fine. be that way.
Just wait for me until I'm done.
Here we go.
Cameron!
- Please.
- I can't!
- Oh. God. help me.
Jayden!
Jayden?
Are you all right?
I think so.
- Can you walk?
- I think so.
- Is it your arm?
Jayden. get down!
- Cameron?
- Jayden?
Jayden. go now!
- Let me help you!
- Jayden. go now!
- Cameron!
Cameron? Cameron?
Oh. please just say one word
so I know you're not dead.
Hold on. Cam. I'm
gonna go get help.
Justin. Mom. Dad! Anyone!
Mr. Dorrity! Mr. Dorrity!
- Jayden. what's the matter?
What happened to you?
- It's all my fault.
- What is? What happened?
- It's Cameron. he's hurt bad!
- Cameron?
Show me where.
Cameron!
Cameron. can you hear me?
No.
Jayden. I'm gonna call 911.
Go stand by the edge of the
woods and wave them here. okay?
If you don't go.
they'll never find us.
Oh. please. Father.
Save Stephen's boy.
911.
What's your emergency?
- Adam. this is Alan.
We have a structure fire
and a nonresponsive boy
in the backwoods of
the Gallagher place.
We need an ambulance
and a firetruck ASAP.
- I'll send them now.
- Good.
Jayden will be by the edge
of the woods to wave them in.
Perfect.
I'll be praying. Alan.
- Thank you. Adam.
Oh. please.
Not him. too.
- Jayden?
Is that you?
- It's me.
- Where am I?
- The hospital.
Mom and Dad are on their way.
Mr. Dorrity stepped
out a while ago.
He had to make a phone call.
It's all my fault.
I should've listened to you.
- Don't worry. Jayden.
- Why did you do it?
- Do you know why I was so
worried about the fireworks?
Last month.
my best friend. Bryson.
died because of his...
Our fireworks that
we were working on
accidentally went off.
I could've saved him.
but I was too scared.
And he died because
I was a coward.
- Weren't you scared this time?
- Terrified.
But...
Last night.
I got saved.
and as I stood there. scared.
I remembered a Bible verse
that Uncle Alan
had shared with me.
"Greater love hath
no man than this.
that a man lay down his
life for his friends."
And I knew that if
I had died today.
I would be up in
heaven with Jesus.
and he paid for my sins
so that I could live
forever with him.
Jayden. are you
ready to meet him?
- No. I'm not.
It scares me to think
how close I was to death.
If it wasn't for
you. I'd be dead.
- Jayden. what I did
was only a picture
to what Jesus did.
Every time you've told a lie.
every time you've
disobeyed your parents.
condemns you before God.
and that's where the
amazing part happens.
He rushed in to a burning
building. so to speak.
to save us from our sins.
- I want what you have.
Do you think you could help me?
- There's nothing
else I'd rather do.
- Oh. when we get up there.
let me make sure
the coast is clear.
Wait in the lobby. okay?
- Okay.
- Justin. Jayden.
- Cameron.
Cameron.
- Uncle Alan?
- How are you feeling. son?
- My leg kinda hurts.
And my head. but other
than that. I'm just tired.
- Praise the Lord.
I have some visitors for you.
if you're up to seeing them.
- Who?
- You'll see.
- Mom?
What're you guys doing here?
- Uncle Alan picked us up.
- How do you know Uncle Alan?
- That's a story for another
time. How are you feeling?
- They've mostly drugged
me for the pain. so.
I'm mostly just tired.
I was gonna call
you this morning.
It's just with the accident
and everything. I got held up.
I became a Christian.
- Hurray!
- Cam!
- I just wanna thank you.
Mom. for not giving up on me.
I'm really sorry. Mom.
for the way that I've
been treating you.
And I hope you can forgive me.
- You're forgiven. son.
- Mr. Dorrity told
us what happened.
You're a real hero. Cam.
- Yeah. you are.
Just like Dad.
- West Prairie Investors.
The most honest investors
in West Prairie.
- What you doin'?
- Oh. you know.
Showing you how it's done.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Is that why
you're in my chair?
- It's a comfy chair.
How's that cabinet?
- Not comfy. thank you.
- Yeah. you're welcome.
- Hey. guys.
- Cameron!
It's so good to see you.
- It's good to see you.
How are you?
- Not bad.
- Good.
- My crutches are
a little. you know-
- Too big?
- Yeah. yeah.
- How are you doing?
- Uh. good.
I'm glad to be out
of the hospital.
But I still have a headache
and sore leg. but yeah.
- That's good.
- Um. is Uncle Alan in?
- Yeah. he's here.
He's in the back.
- You know. Elise. do
you wanna page him?
We might be able to
save Cameron a walk.
- Yeah. sure.
- Thanks.
- Uncle Alan? Cameron's
here to see you.
Sure thing.
All right. he's on his way.
- Thanks. Elise.
So. the wedding's
only a few weeks away.
Are you excited?
- We'd get married
tomorrow. but...
- What?
A meeting of my favorite
people and I wasn't invited?
- You were invited. Uncle
Alan. You're just late.
- So. what can I do
for you. Cameron?
- I was actually wondering if
you were ready to go fishing.
- Absolutely.
- Oh. Uh-oh.
Are you okay?
Here. I got ya.
- Ow.
- Here. let me put this down.
There we go.
- All right.
- There we go. there we go.
- Yep. yep.
All right.
There we go.
Made it.
- You really need to
get those adjusted.
Thank you for
all you did. Uncle Alan.
It really meant a lot. going
to get my mom and siblings.
- It was my pleasure.
I knew that your mom
would wanna be there.
and that she'd be too worried
to wanna think about driving.
- I wanted to ask you something.
How do you know my mom?
- That's a long story.
- I'd like to hear it.
It'd fill a couple gaps.
- I suppose it's only fair.
Since you told me your story.
I should tell you mine.
A long time ago. when
I was a little boy.
I had a best friend.
Stephen Taylor.
- You mean my dad?
- The one and the same.
Almost our entire childhood.
we lived right
nextdoor to each other.
Then our senior year. your
mom moved to the neighborhood.
We both thought she was
the prettiest freshman
we'd ever seen.
You're kidding?
No. I'm not.
To make a really
long story short.
she liked your dad
better than me.
So after school and being
best man at their wedding.
I moved away from the
city to West Prairie.
and I met someone who
changed my life forever.
- Who?
- Kyle Thompson.
- Elise and Jonah's dad?
- Yeah. he was a
new client of mine.
He shared the Gospel with
me and invited me to church.
- Did you go?
- Not at first.
But after we were
becoming friends.
I started to see the marked
difference between our lives
and I wanted what he had.
I became a Christian
a few months later.
- Wow.
- But that's not
the whole story.
The firm was pretty successful.
and Kyle talked me into
joining the military with him.
So I turned the leadership of
the firm over to your uncle
and after our training. we
shipped off to Afghanistan.
On one of our missions.
we were ambushed.
Kyle saw this guy aiming at me.
And he jumped in front of me.
To take the bullet
that was meant for me.
- So. you were the friend
that Elise's dad jumped
in front of to save?
- Yes. I was.
- I can't believe my mom
never told me about this.
- Well. she didn't know
all the details and
when your dad died. it
was really hard on her.
- Yeah. and having to
deal with the likes of me
probably wasn't helping. either.
- She called me before
you came. you know.
- She did?
- She didn't give me
any of the details.
She just said "Cameron's
gonna be in town.
Would you watch
over Stephen's boy?"
I told her I would.
- Well. it looks like we both
got second chances of life.
didn't we?
- I suppose we did.
Let's do some fishin'.
- Hey. Jonah. what's up?
- I was just looking
at the calendar
and wanted to make sure
that you were doing okay.
- Yeah. yeah. I am.
Hold on one sec.
- We've got to go soon.
- All right. I'll be
there in a few minutes.
Sorry about that.
- No worries.
- We're about to take
a trip to West Prairie.
- No way!
Cam. that's awesome.
- Yeah. I can't wait
to see everyone.
But I should probably get
going. They're about to leave.
- Sounds good.
- All right. bye. Jonah.
- Cam. are you coming. son?
- Yeah. I'll be
right there. Dad.